=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

B<Page::Convert> converts strings into various formats.

=head1 VERSION

This document describes Page::Convert version 1.0.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  my $string = 'Mr & Mrs Smith';

  my $text    = textify($string);    # returns Mr. &amp; Mrs. Smith
  my $id      = idify($array);       # returns Mr_and_Mrs_Smith
  my $search  = searchify($string);  # returns Mr+%26+Mrs+Smith
  my $file    = filify($string);     # returns Mr_&_Mrs_Smith
  my $hashtag = hashtagify($string); # returns #MrandMrsSmith

=head1 General notes

All of the subroutines remove html tags from the string with C<textify> having the option to leave them in the string.
They also strip off file extensions from the ends of strings with the exception of C<filify>.

=head1 textify

C<textify> returns an HTML friendly UTF-8 encoded string and has two parameters.

The first parameter is the text that you want to make into an HTML friendly string.

  textify('<i>This & That</i> (2020)') # returns This &amp; That

The second paramter is a hash with three options. The options can be set to 'yes', 'true', 'keep', or the number 1.

=head2 Options

If C<html> is specified, then HTML is not stripped out of the text string.

  textify('<i>This & That</i> (2020)', { html => 'yes' }) # returns "<i>This &amp; That</i>"

If C<parens> is specified, parenteses are not stripped out of the text string.

  textify('<i>This & That</i> (2020)',  { parens => 'yes' }) # returns "This &amp; That (2020)"

If C<decode> is specified, the string will be UTF-8 decoded before it is reencoded to UTF-8.

  textify('This & That', { decode => 'yes' })

If C<root link> is specified, the root link will be stripped from the string.

  textify('https://www.this_that.com/This_and_That.html', { 'root link' => 'https://www.this_that.com' });
    # returns "This and That"

=head1 idify

C<idify> returns a string for use as an id. It accepts a list of paramters that will be joined together to make one id.

  idify('This & That')  # returns This_and_That
  idify('This', 'That') # returns This_That

=head1 searchify

C<searchify> returns a string for use as a URL search parameter and has two parameters.

The first paramenter is the text that you want to make into a search item.

  searchify('This & That') # returns This+%26+That

The second parameter is the optional section that is made into an id. This parameter uses L</"idify">, so must be an array reference.

  searchify('This & That', ['The other thing']) # returns This+%26+That#The_other_thing

=head1 filify

C<filify> returns a string to be used as a file name. All characters not allowed in file names are removed from the string.

  filify('This & That') # returns This_&_That

=head1 hashtagify

C<hashtagify> returns a string that can be used as a hashtag.

  hashtagify('This & That') # returns #ThisandThat

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

Page::Convert depends on L<Encode>, L<Lingua::EN::Inflect>, and L<Exporter>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Lady Aleena

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

Copyright © 2020, Lady Aleena C<(aleena@cpan.org)>. All rights reserved.

=cut
