=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

B<Page::Story> is a series of functions that parses text data with Lady Aleena's unique markup.

=head1 USAGE

B<Sample lines note:> The sample lines below will have spaces at the beginnings of the lines. Those spaces I<must> be removed or the lines will all be returned as paragraphs.

=head2 Block elements

=head3 Headings

Lines starting with a C<1>, C<2>, C<3>, C<4>, C<5>, or C<6> will create headings.

  1 Heading level one
  2 Heading level two
  3 Heading level three
  4 Heading level four
  5 Heading level five
  6 Heading level six

Should the number be followed, without spaces, by an C<n>, it will be returned with the C<noclear> class.

  1n Heading level one with noclear class
  2n Heading level two with noclear class
  3n Heading level three with noclear class
  4n Heading level four with noclear class
  5n Heading level five with noclear class
  6n Heading level six with noclear class

If a C<+> is the I<last> character of the string, links to Google and Wikipedia will follow directly after the heading.

  1 Topic +

=head3 Paragraphs

Normal paragraghs do not have any line notation.

=head4 Indented paragraphs

Lines starting with C<E<gt>NUM> will be printed with an indent class.

  >1 will have "indent_01" class.
  >2 will have "indent_02" class.
  >10 will have "indent_10" class.

=head4 Stanzas

Lines starting with C<stanza> will be a paragraph with line breaks in it, broken at C<|>. They will be given the C<stanza> class. This is helpful for poetry.

  stanza This line will break|So you can eat cake.

=head4 Other paragraphs

Lines starting with the words C<as>, C<by>, C<from>, and C<with> will be paragraphs with the C<author> class.

  1 Some Person
  as Some Other Person

  1 Some Book
  by Some Author

  bq Some item
  from Some Source

  1 Main Author
  with Some Other Author or Authors

=head3 Block quotes

Lines starting with C<bq> will be block quotes.

  bq This is a block quote from Lady Aleena.

=head3 Preformatted text

Lines starting with C<:> will be grouped into a C<E<lt>preE<gt>> tag.

  : This line will be preformatted.
  : So will this one.

Lines starting with C<:|> will give the C<pre> tag a class.

  :| perl

The above will give the C<pre> tag the class C<perl>.

  <pre class="perl">
  </pre>

=head3 Lists

Lines starting with C<*> or C<#> return a list. They can be mixed.

=head4 Unordered lists

Lines starting with C<*> will return an unordered list. Lines starting with C<*|> are setting the class of the list.

  * Red
  * Green
  * Blue

=head4 Ordered lists

Lines starting with C<#> will return an ordered list. Lines starting with C<#|> are setting the class of the list.

  # First
  # Second
  # Third

Should the C<#> be followed by a number, the list will begin at that number.

  #2 Second
  # Third
  # Fourth

=head4 Mixed list

  * Red
  * Green
  * Blue
  *# First
  *# Second
  *# Third

=head3 Tables

Lines starting with C<|> are tables

=over

=item * C<|#> - the table's id

=item * C<||> - the table's class(es)

=item * C<|!> - the table's caption

=item * C<|^> - the rows that go into the table's thead. These rows will be header cells.

=item * C<|=> - the rows that go into the tables' tfoot. These rows will start with a header cell.

=item * C<|*> - rows that are just headings

=item * C<|+> - rows that have a header for the first cell

=item * C<|-> - normal rows

=back

  |# table-id
  || table-class
  |! Table caption
  |^ thead 1      | thead 2      | thead 3
  |= tfoot header | tfoot 2 cell | tfoot 3 cell
  |* sub header   | sub header   | sub header
  |+ row header   | row cell     | row cell
  |- row cell     | row cell     | row cell

=head3 Breaks

Lines that are B<only> C<br> or C<hr> will be a line break or horizontal rule respectively.

=head3 Normal HTML

A line can have normal HTML on it.

  <p>A paragraph.</p>

=head3 Inserting code

Lines that begin with C<&> will be code brought into the story with the C<doc magic> option.

  & hash key

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

Page::Story depends on L<List::Util>, Page::HTML, Page::Line, Page::Link::External, Page::Story::Inline, Fancy::Join::Grammatical, Util::Convert, and Util::Columns.

=head1 AUTHOR

Lady Aleena

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

Copyright © 2020, Lady Aleena C<(aleena@cpan.org)>. All rights reserved.

=cut
