=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

B<Random::Dragon> returns a random dragon from the DreamWorks Dragons, Harry Potter, Pern, or Xanth series or dragons from I<Advanced Dungeons & Dragons>, 2nd Edition.

=head1 VERSION

This document describes Random::Dragon version 1.000.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Random::Dragon qw(
    random_DreamWorks_dragon
    random_Harry_Potter_dragon
    random_Pern_dragon
    random_Xanth_dragon
    random_old_Xanth_dragon
    random_RPG_dragon
    random_dragon
  );

  my $DreamWorks_dragon = random_DreamWorks_dragon;

  my $Harry_Potter_dragon = random_Harry_Potter_dragon;

  my $Pern_dragon = random_Pern_dragon;

  my $Xanth_dragon = random_Xanth_dragon;

  my $old_Xanth_dragon = random_old_Xanth_dragon;

  my $RPG_dragon = random_RPG_dragon;

  my $dragon = random_dragon;
    # returns a random dragon from all of the above

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Random::Dragon returns a random dragon from the DreamWorks Dragons, Harry Potter, Pern, or Xanth series or dragons from I<Advanced Dungeons & Dragons>, 2nd Edition.

=head2 Functions

=head3 random_DreamWorks_dragon

  random_DreamWorks_dragon();

C<random_DreamWorks_dragon> returns a random dragon from the DreamWorks dragon franchise based on the novels by Cressida Cowell.

=head3 random_Harry_Potter_dragon

  random_Harry_Potter_dragon();

C<random_Harry_Potter_dragon> returns a random dragon from the I<Harry Potter> series by J.K. Rowling.

=head3 random_Pern_dragon

  random_Pern_dragon();

C<random_Pern_dragon> returns a random dragon or fire lizard from I<The Dragonriders of Pern> series by Anne McCaffrey.

=head3 random_Xanth_dragon

  random_Xanth_dragon();

C<randon_Xanth_dragon> returns a random new dragon from the I<Xanth> series by Piers Anthony. This is imported from L<Random::Xanth::Dragon>.

=head3 random_old_Xanth_dragon

  random_old_Xanth_dragon();

C<random_old_Xanth_dragon> returns a random old dragon from the I<Xanth> series by Piers Anthony. This is imported from L<Random::Xanth::Dragon>.

=head3 random_RPG_dragon

  random_RPG_dragon();

C<random_RPG_dragon> returns a random dragon from AD&D, 2nd ed. This is imported from L<Random::RPG::Monster>.

=head3 random_dragon

  random_dragon();

C<random_dragon> returns a random dragon from any of the above functions.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

Random::Dragon depends on L<Fancy::Rand>, L<Fancy::Open>, L<Random::Color>, L<Random::RPG::Monster>, and L<Random::Xanth::Dragon>, L<File::ShareDir>, and L<Exporter>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Lady Aleena

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

Copyright © 2020, Lady Aleena C<(aleena@cpan.org)>. All rights reserved.

=cut
