=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

B<Random::Government> returns a random government type.

=head1 VERSION

This document describes Random::Government version 1.000.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Random::Government qw(random_government);
  my $government = random_government;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Random::Government returns a random government type by using C<random_government>, which has to be imported. It has one optional parameter.

=head2 Options

=head3 Nothing or undef

  random_government;
  random_government();
  random_government(undef);

Using nothing or C<undef> will return a random government type. There are too many to list here, so to see the list, use the L</data> option.

=head3 note

  random_government('note');

The C<note> option will add a description of the government.

  hecatontarchy (ruled by 100 people)
  xenocracy (ruled by foreigners)
  moneyocracy (ruled by money, monied classes)
  thearchy (ruled by rule a god or gods; body of divine rulers)
  diabolocracy (ruled by Devil)

=head3 data

  random_government('data');

The C<data> option will return a hash reference with all of the government types with their descriptions.

=head1 NOTE

The options of this module came from L<The Phrontistery|http://phrontistery.info/govern.html> except magocracy which came from I<The World Builder's Guidebook>.

=head1 DEPENDENCY

Random::Government depends on L<Exporter>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Lady Aleena

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

Copyright © 2020, Lady Aleena C<(aleena@cpan.org)>. All rights reserved.

=cut
