=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

B<Random::Size> returns a random relative size.

=head1 VERSION

This document describes Random::Size version 1.000.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Random::Size qw(random_size);

  my $random_amount      = random_size('amount')  # returns more or less
  my $random_consistency = random_size('consistency') # returns thicker or thinner
  my $random_density     = random_size('density') # returns thicker or thinner
  my $random_depth       = random_size('depth')   # returns deeper or shallower
  my $random_height      = random_size('height')  # returns taller or shorter
  my $random_length      = random_size('length')  # returns longer or shorter
  my $random_speed       = random_size('speed')   # returns faster or slower
  my $random_weight      = random_size('weight')  # returns heavier or lighter
  my $random_width       = random_size('width')   # returns wider or narrower
  my $random_general     = random_size('general') # returns bigger or smaller
  my $random_key         = random_size('by keys') # returns a random key
  my $random_size        = random_size('all')     # returns a random selection from all of the above except keys
  my $keys = random_size('keys')    # the keys
  my $hash = random_size('list')    # the hash

  print random_size('help'); # get random_size options

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Random::Size returns a random relative size or other measure.

=head2 Options

=head4 nothing, all, or undef

  random_size;
  random_size();
  random_size('all');
  random_size(undef);

These options will return any value in any list. You can read the options below to see all of the potential values.

=head4 amount

  random_size('amount');

The C<amount> option returns more or less.

=head4 consistency

  random_size('consistency');

The C<consistency> option returns thicker or thinner.

=head4 density

  random_size('density');

The C<density> option returns thicker or thinner.

=head4 depth

  random_size('depth');

The C<depth> option returns deeper or shallower.

=head4 height

  random_size('height');

The C<height> option returns taller or shorter.

=head4 length

  random_size('length');

The C<length> option returns longer or shorter.

=head4 speed

  random_size('speed');

The C<speed> option returns faster or slower.

=head4 weight

  random_size('weight');

The C<weight> option returns heavier or lighter.

=head4 width

  random_size('width');

The C<width> option returns wider or narrower.

=head4 general

  random_size('general');

The C<general> option returns bigger or smaller.

=head4 by keys

  random_size('by keys');

The C<by keys> option returns a random key listed above.

=head4 keys

  random_size('keys');

The C<keys> option will list all of the available keys in an array reference.

=head4 data

  random_size('data');

The C<data> option will return the data used in a hash reference.

=head4 help or options

  random_size('help');
  random_size('options');

The C<help> or C<options> options will return a list of all of your options.

=head3 Adding items to a list

You can add items to the list by adding an array reference with the additional items as the second parameter.

  my @additions = ('size 1', 'size 2');
  random_size('<your option>', \@additions);

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

Random::Size depends on L<Fancy::Rand> and  L<Exporter>.

=head1 NOTE

L<Random::RPG::World::WorldBuildersGuidebook::Size> also has a function called C<random_size>. Do not use these two modules together.

=head1 AUTHOR

Lady Aleena

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

Copyright © 2020, Lady Aleena C<(aleena@cpan.org)>. All rights reserved.

=cut
