=pod

=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

B<Random::Water> returns a random running or standing body of water or precipitation.

=head1 VERSION

This document describes Random::Water version 1.000.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Random::Water qw(random_water);

  my $random_water = random_water();

  my $random_running_water  = random_water('running');
  my $random_standing_water = random_water('standing');
  my $random_precipitation  = random_water('precipitation')

  print random_water('help'); # get random_water options


=head1 DESCRIPTION

Random::Water returns a random running or standing body of water or precipitation.

=head2 random_water

=head3 Options

=head4 nothing, all, or undef

  random_water;
  random_water();
  random_water('all');
  random_water(undef);

These options return any value in any list. You can read the options below to see all of the potential values.

=head4 running

The C<running> option returns spring, streamlet, rivulet, run, brook, creek, stream, estuary, fjord, or river.

=head4 standing

The C<standing> option returns drop, puddle, pool, pond, lake, lagoon, bay, sea, bight, sound, or ocean.

=head4 precipitation

The C<precipitation> option returns rain, snow, sleet, or hail.

=head4 by keys

  random_water('by keys');

The C<by keys> option will select a random key listed above.

=head4 keys

  random_water('keys');

The C<keys> option will list all of the available keys in an array reference.

=head4 data

  random_water('data');

The C<data> option will return the data used in a hash reference.

=head4 help or options

  random_water('help');
  random_water('options');

The C<help> or C<options> options will return a list of all of your options.

=head3 Adding items to a list

  my @additions = ('water 1', 'water 2');
  random_water('<your option>', \@additions);

You can add items to the list by adding an array reference with the additional items as the second parameter.

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

Random::Water depends on L<Fancy::Rand> and L<Exporter>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Lady Aleena

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

Copyright © 2020, Lady Aleena C<(aleena@cpan.org)>. All rights reserved.

=cut
